Update support policy to include KIC (#4146)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect-platform/support-policy.md

* Assistance with upgrades to later versions of the Kong software
* Access to bug-fix releases and/or workarounds based on the below Bug Fix Guidelines

> **<sup>*</sup>** 24 month support applies beginning with {{site.ee_product_name}} release 2.1.3.x. For releases prior to that release, support remains at 12 months from the First Minor Version Release. Support for the Kong Ingress controller and Kong Mesh remains at 12 months. The 24 month support applies to {{site.ee_product_name}} standard releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**<sup>*</sup>** 24 month support applies starting with {{site.ee_product_name}} 2.1.3.x. For prior releases, support remains at 12 months from the first minor version release. Support for the Kubernetes Ingress Controller and Kong Mesh remain at 12 months. The 24 month support applies to {{site.ee_product_name}} standard releases.
```
